Migrate fully to `JetSpace` backend (remove legacy TaylorN lookup tables) (#414)
JuliaDiff/TaylorSeries.jl: README.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IG-100616, IG-100819, IG-101122, and IN-112726.
```

 ```
Multivariate Taylor series
 ```julia
julia> x, y = variables!("x y", order=2);

julia> exp(x + y)
 1.0 + 1.0 x + 1.0 y + 0.5 x² + 1.0 x y + 0.5 y² + 𝒪(‖x‖³)

```

> The examples above use the default variable space. It is also possible to use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The examples above use the default `JetSpace` params. It is also possible to use
```
